Okay. So, now we've written the contract, everything looks good.
We have called on the functions,
we've made sure that we've implemented creates star,
put up star, we're but a star.
We're also using our interface definition,
so that we can actually call this token ERC721 token contract.
So, we've done that. Now, let's go see if everything works fine.
A contract is ready now, so we're going to go to a migrations folder.
Let's have this one, this is the one that we're using.
So, again this came at the boilerplate code, I'm just going to delete it.
We've done this already in a version one,
and this is all we need to do.
Okay. So, again, we'll just use artifacts that required the JSON format.
So, we need this, of the smart contract,
and then we deploy it like this.
Now, let's go compiler contract and make sure everything compiles fine.
So, I'm going to go back to my terminal.
So, I'm in my starNotaryv2 right now.
Let's go and see if everything works fine.
So, I'm not in my console right now,
that's the reason I have to give the command truffle but I can just go truffle develop.
Then, go inside, and then that's when you
don't have to use the word truffle but I'm outside right now.
So, I'm just going to say truffle compiler.
Hopefully, I saved the file.
Let's go save all these files again,
make sure they're really saved.
Okay. Going back to my terminal again, truffle compile.
Let's see if the compilation of the contract goes okay.
Fantastic. It went through,
no errors came through,
so now we know everything is working.
Now, let's go see what video in the next step.
We're actually going to start deploying it to the test node to work,
and then we'll also start going to write a test.
Then, we will also create a simple front-end page for this,
a smart contract to create a complete DApp.